This is Jody Bruchon's hashing function and a very simple command-line tool
to produce hexadecimal hash strings (and also to show how to use jody_hash).
It can be built to produce 64-bit, 32-bit, and 16-bit hash variants, though
the 64-bit version is what is officially considered a "jodyhash." The default
is 64-bit width, but can be overridden like so:

make CFLAGS_EXTRA=-DJODY_HASH_WIDTH=32

This will generate a 32-bit width version of the program. Obviously, the
different widths are incompatible with each other. The program will tell
you what bit width it was built for when invoked with the -v option.

SSE2 and AVX2 acceleration are now supported. The default is to build an AVX2
program. Currently, an AVX2 build will crash on a non-AVX2 machine due to the
use of VEX instruction prefixes. To choose various acceleration options to
include, try these (the last option disables both SSE2 and AVX2):

make NO_AVX2=1
make NO_SSE2=1
make NO_SIMD=1

If you wish to plug jodyhash into any place where md5sum, sha1sum, and
friends are already used, there is a basic compatibility option '-s' that
will print hashes plus file names with a leading asterisk. Remember that
jodyhash is not a "secure hash function" so don't use it as a signature
mechanism for authenticating anything!

The 64-bit width version of the program has SSE2 optimizations. If you
want to build without them, tell make: 'make NO_SIMD=1'

Full disclosure: SMHasher's tests indicate this hash has undesirable
properties and is slower than some other hashes. In practice I have only
found a single collision out of a pile of millions of strings, but you may
prefer the faster hashes t1ha or xxHash64 instead. xxHash64 has a lot of
non-C implementations available. The SMHasher repo maintainer said that
"it [jodyhash] isn't a great hash, but it's not a terrible one and there
are several that are much worse." I'll take that as a compliment since
this is the first hash I ever wrote :-)

The home page for this program is:
https://github.com/jbruchon/jodyhash

If you find this useful, send me an email to jody@jodybruchon.com :-)
